Expose if the room has a custom avatar (#9423)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/avatar.md

## Delete conversations avatar

> > **PS**: To check if need to delete when is customized, you need to verify the property `isCustomAvatar` from [conversation](conversation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: To determine if a delete option should be presented to the user, it's recommended to check the `isCustomAvatar` property from [conversation](conversation.md).
```

## Delete conversations avatar

!!! note

>     To determine if a delete option should be presented to the user, it's recommended to check the `isCustomAvatar` property from [conversation](conversation.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

    To determine if a delete option should be presented to the user, it's recommended to check the `isCustomAvatar` property of the [Get user´s conversations](conversation.md#get-user-s-conversations) API.
```
